this cauldron just filled with lava it's
working hello and welcome back to learn
English with
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and I have a
lot of new things to show you let's go
outside let's open the gate and go
outside I did a lot of building off
camera MH the first thing that I'll show
you is my new water
elevator this is my new water elevator
this water elevator is a lot faster than
my previous one so to go down to my
spider XP farm I'll go down this
waterfall let's go
down and I'm falling I'm falling to the
bottom and just like that here I am at
the XP farm now to go back up I'll go up
this side do you see the bubbles
Rising this side will take me up to the
surface let's go up it goes really fast
mhm and here we are the next thing that
I want to show you is
right over
there oh let's get on this mine cart ah
I missed
it let's wait for the next mine cart
okay and let's hop
off all right look at this zombie die
zombie die zombies whoa whoa baby zombie
ah ah no spiders too die die die oh and
Phantoms oh I'm going to run
inside oh I'm going to eat some
fish all right let's go back outside
let's open the
door di
dive I killed the
Phantom
die okay I killed the Phantoms did I
pick up any Phantom membrane let's see
yeah two Phantom membranes
awesome look at this I built a building
around the Villager breeder so this
building is kind of like a protective
shell around the Villager breeder oh
look the sun's coming up it's morning in
the last video I found all of this iron
and I need to smelt it in a
furnace um but first on need to pick up
some bamboo to use as fuel so let's go
over to the bamboo
Farm let's get on this mine
cart and here we are at the bamboo Farm
whoa look at that spider up
there okay let's see how much bamboo is
in this chest open whoa it's almost full
bamboo all right with the bamboo let's
build some bamboo
blocks
bamboo here are the bamboo
blocks I built
64 uh let's build some more okay I'm
going to place my iron in the furnace as
well as some bamboo blocks all right
we're smelting iron here and let's start
smelting some iron here as well so I'll
put some blocks of bamboo in here as
well as The Rock
iron while we wait for this I have some
more things to show you the reason I
collected all of that iron in the last
video is to build cauldrons and the
cauldrons will be used to build a lava
generator and the lava generator is
right here I'll go down there and show
you
jump all right here we are so this will
be a lava a generator but I still need
to build some cauldrons to place here at
the bottom so there's still a little bit
of work to do on this lava
generator but hopefully I can finish it
in this video all right let's go this
way do you remember the skeleton spawner
that I found in the last video look at
this so these are two more water
elevator
and this will take me to the skeleton
Farm to go down I need to go to the left
right
here this waterfall will take me down to
the skeleton farm so let's go
down and I'm
falling here we are here I can wait for
the skeletons to fall down and I can
kill them with one punch watch this
punch punch punch and the skeletons Drop
Bones and
arrows all right and this elevator takes
me
up and this water elevator is also
really
fast and here we are at the
surface so that is my skeleton Farm
let's hop on
and let's get off there we go all right
let's see if my iron is finished
smelting okay here we have 21 iron here
we have 55 iron okay let's start
building some cauldrons so each cauldron
requires seven iron 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 seven
iron makes one cauldron I'm going to
need a bunch of cauldron
okay I built eight cauldrons and if I
need to I can build more
dive I saw a
zombie oh and a skeleton die die so the
first thing that I'll do is place the
drip Stone up here on the glass so let's
take the
dripstone and I'll place it on the
glass all right I placed all the drip
Stone now underneath this drip Stone
I'll place the cauldrons so I'll take
these eight
cauldrons and I'll place them
underneath like this I'm going to need
to build four more
cauldrons one two
three ah I need more iron
ingots there we go and
[Music]
four okay one 2 3 4 now I've placed all
the
cauldrons the last thing that I need to
do is collect a bunch of lava and place
the lava up there up there mhm so right
now I'm going to pick up some buckets
and begin collecting lava to bring back
here to the lava generator I'm going to
pick up all all of the buckets that I
have
buckets seven buckets here and one water
bucket I'm going to dump out this
water there we go so I have a total of
eight buckets now I'm going to find some
lava I think there's some lava around
here so I'm going to get off of my
boat let's see here it is lava
I'm going to scoop up as much lava as I
can
lava there we go let's get back in my
boat and let's go back to my lava
generator whoa what's going on with my
mine carts up there whoa that one
stopped
okay let's get
off um I'll take some
Cobblestone jump
jump I'm going to place the lava in here
one 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 so I need four more buckets of
lava okay let's go back down let's get
back in my
boat
one two three four there we go and that
is all of the lava that all need and
we're
back okay let's place the final four
lava buckets 1 2 3 4 One Two Three 4 One
2 3
4 and there we go the lava generator
is
complete so now the lava is dripping
from these drip stones into the
cauldrons this cauldron just filled with
lava it's
working so now I can scoop up the lava
from this cauldron using my bucket like
this I scooped up the lava and now I
have a lava
bucket so using this machine I can
collect infinite lava lava is a great
source of fuel mhm each lava bucket can
smelt a 100 blocks so let's pick up this
lava and put it in the
furnace that lava will smelt all of this
copper into copper ingots mhm just with
one bucket of lava all right I've
successfully built a lava
generator tell me in a comment below
what I should build
[Music]
next like they all do